(O.E.C’s leader Kim Lip was so charismatic in the teaser!)
#Now Playing “LOOΠΔ/Kim Lip - Eclipse”
'Would you change the pose?'
(It looks cool but…)
'Any other pose?'
(Kim Lip’s filming is over in a short space of time!)
Kim Lip: All you guys gather here~
(Kim Lip & Chuu met each other after the filming)
Kim Lip & Chuu : Eclipse~
Kim Lip: Suddenly?
Chuu: You were very good!
Chuu: She really beat me!
(It looks like a playing games during a break time at school)
Chuu: Palm blast!
Chuu: Why didn’t you fly away..?
Chuu: 1, 2, 3
Chuu: But she flew too low...
Chuu: You should do like I did!
Kim Lip: She did lower than I did!
Chuu: What is this?
Kim Lip: Doo doo doo doo doo!
Kim Lip: Her reaction was good...
Kim Lip: Such a nice friend!